gh-127305: more detailed doc for `register_error`'s error_handler (#139554)
python/cpython: Doc/library/codecs.rst

   where encoding should continue. The replacement may be either :class:`str` or
   :class:`bytes`. If the replacement is bytes, the encoder will simply copy
   them into the output buffer. If the replacement is a string, the encoder will
   encode the replacement with the ``'strict'`` error handling, which means
   :exc:`UnicodeEncodeError` may be raised here.

>    Encoding continues on originalinput at the specified position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Encoding continues on original input at the specified position.
```
Typo

Author: may i amend and force push?

Reviewer: Please do amend, though please avoid force pushing, it makes reviewing more difficult.
